giving birth was never something we
thought a man can ever come close to
experiencing until we came across the
labor pain simulator it works by sending
electromagnetic shocks to the abdomen
area on an intensity scale from 1 to 8
obviously the simulator does not fully
replicate the pain of Labor but as a
group of guys we thought would give it a
try and hopefully develop more empathy
towards our mothers oh and we also
decided to surprise our friend Connor
with it what told us previously about
how he never wanted kids so we thought
he'd be the perfect person to surprise
Connor has no idea he's gonna walk in
this like this thinking maybe we're
going somewhere nice and instead he's
gonna stop to a whole birthing table a
nurse and our voice from the book of
this boys ready strap him up and
experience what it's like to have
contractions how comparable is it bro I
try to ease pain Connor if this last
time you wanna hang out with us it's all
good
I understand but at least you have a
baby boy oh no new cervix boys it's
gonna be a wild ride
he's calling hello okay I'll come in two
seconds anywhere else I wouldn't be
frightened with this house you never
know so you mentioned you wanted to be
in a video for the perfect opportunity
for you come on over here you said you
didn't want kids right yeah good idea to
have kids early labor
so contractions are not gonna be a
strong
[Music]
Oh God you're enjoying God well in like
two minutes probably yeah this work dude
how do you know it's your turn all right
that is a strange feeling feels like
something's inside of me it's like
scratching like the inside of my stomach
feeling it Oh turn it off whoa whoa what
are we at no this is really not great it
doesn't stop Wow
oh right now so you do all that hard
work you're in labor eighteen hours
you're exhausted and then we hand you a
new floor and we say and I gotta feed
this thing every two hours and take care
of it no no I'm nervous all right strap
you up baby boy and this going down it
looks like it makes you food my name is
Perry's brother this is the baby
challenge she's gonna put it under state
has everybody done this going straight
to eight women it's crazy that they do
this I know
[Music]
yeah Wow I'm sorry you guys are all
wimps
no way this thing is still working at
high voltage put it on me this thing's
got to be broken you can find these guys
the description the bucket it's boys so
this video is sponsored by Dollar Shave
Club who agreed to give $1,000 to
charity if we can convince one of our
friends I shave their beards off so of
course we thought of Elijah you ready to
shave your beard turn your dollars just
on him I'm so nervous
I mean probably three years ago
I feel so nervous you guys know that for
us to begin on this magnificent thing
that you first have to trim you all
right okay so this is the daily
essential starter step we can trust this
did you trust it four blades this
executive razor we're gonna put on you
is this shaving butter I'm gonna be
shaving you you're not touching this -
right oh they said you wanna keep them
no we're keeping the stache I need
something take home a wife likes this is
a pretty good razor I know if you want
this five dollars free shipping work
that whole box that whole box in the
link in the description if you click it
you get this starter set when my two
personal favorites are the shea butter
which is so smooth and this is if you
have a rough time in the bathroom the
one way paralyze are extremely good at
making your bootie nice and smooth this
is your favorite the one way charlie
yeah you get a problem that lingo
description thank you gets the last word
if you donate $1,000 to spend charity
just one touch it it's smooth right
you got City good alright
[Music]